Main idea: Check out top restricted meta threats as we approach reg I.


GAMEPLAN (when brain is dead make readme)
    Thursday
        make gameplan
        think of impetus - Pokemon! Of course!!!
        preliminary thoughts on data structuring
        noodle with the starter code
    Friday
        get raw JSON file set up 
        use starter code card system to display every mon
            maybe card just shows name, sprite, and stats.
        get rid of header, make side menu
    Saturday
        set up functionality of side menu
        order cards by
            ID
            name
            every stat 
            etc
    Sunday
        I think that I work all day
    Monday
        be able to click on card to go to detail view
            moves
            abilitites
            etc
    Tuesday
        polish day. Make it look good
        add mobile responsiveness
        stretch goals day
            side by side compare
                use footer to show combined weaknesses/ efficacies






Data Structures:
    Pokemon
        file with JSON of every contending mon
        Class that will hold necessary Pokemon data in a more organized fashion
            string name
            string abilityName
            string abilityDescription
            int stats (all 6)
            there are so many moves, make a move class. move objects in an array 
                (maybe I'm moving in the wrong direction since I would make )
                (maybe this is a stretch goal - and just do vector of strings moveNames)
                int basePower
                int accuracy
                string type
                string secondary effects
            map for weaknesses/resistanes (instead of mapping every individual I think I need to make a private static function that will generate this based on type)
                key string type
                value int multiplier
            map for supereffective/ineffective STAB (shows best case)(also look into function that does this and fills it out)
                key type
                value multiplier
            QUESTION How will I handle forms? perhaps just diff names
            int ID number (could be used for hashing as it is unique)
            int weight
            string urlToSprite
            string type1
            string type2 (have logic for if type2 = null)
        function in main will dynamically create every instance
    perhaps a map with a key of names and values of their respective objects? 
        for search?








Layout:
    I think that a header is unneccessary. Just gaudy and dare I say, vainglorious? I think more appropriate would be a menu on the side that will hold all of our filter and search functionality. If I get to compare two mon(honestly, seems really easy once we can search for one), move the two menus back to back in the middle.

    For mobile, make the side menu collapsible via a button. Also, all vertical. Replace side by sidecomparison possibly with a swipe? I haven't done that before... I like the classic hamburger symbol for the collapsible side menu hahah

    In the main section we will have cards just like in the starter code. Perhaps I will use grid to arrange it? And then make the grid responsive to size change?
        









FIle structure:
    root
        main.js (replace script.js, sorry!)
        style.css
        index.html
        Pokemon.js
        Move.js






+++++Restricted Meta threats+++++
    kyogre
    groudon
    lunala
    zacian - crowned
    zamazenta - crowned
    calyrex ice rider
    calyrex shadow rider
    koraidon
    miraidon
    terapagos




+++++++REQUIREMENTS++++++
   1. Show your understanding of basic data structures: arrays and objects
        using objects via pokemon class but arrays... - 
    2. Display a substantial amount of interesting data
        right now I only have ten - maube I should catalog all restricteds?
    3. Have two or more features that “operate” on your data,
        easy, order by stats ascending and descending
   4.  Look polished
    5. Be built from this starter code
        5.a. but you should be making significant changes and improvements
    6. Be an original website
    7. catalog and operations features on the front page of site and easily visible